machine spirit origin

make bodies
stored how? entity creation? locked chest? equipment & modded equipment? status effects?? health?? exhaustion?? *modded properties*???
multiple types?
bonuses? how many? health, vision, speed, jump?, ; tradeoffs? durability (health loss?)?
regular material path? that plus copper/etc? modded materials? vanilla paths for modded materials; optional?
iron golems - interactions? interactions with modded machines?
exhaustion? different fuels?

incorporeal
flying? speed?
ignores specific blocks? all non-metals? all organics? visibility in dirt?

limited to range
from redstone? variable range by block? powers redstone components? mod support 
visibility - can't see outside range? can't see entities outside range?

spirit should? be able to open chests and dump the contents on the ground
if bodies have an item form that should be enough to deploy them
if no custom item ids?
wait are there? not that i can tell
so what represents the bodies?
armor stands? do armor stands have enough item slots?
is it possible to make this work well enough without saving the full player state?
stand on/in representative block + press button:
what if it's just golems without the pumpkin?
not the snow golem, but maybe just two iron/copper/gold/diamond/stone blocks?
two stone is too cheap; one block & one redstone block? 2 & 1? redstone dust? t1 just a dust and a block, t2 a block of each, t3 two&one?
stone (cobble? smooth?): base player stats? no swimming; lava reaction?
log: "natural", swimming, maybe regen; have to remember type
iron: healthy, faster
copper: same but lightning?
gold: speed but -health
diamond: ...shiny?
netherite: if it takes more than one block it might just be fucking invincible
modded stuff
drop partial reclamation; third?
heavy damage but left: maybe just have scaling portion by health
to cover the log cases should that never take two blocks? or keep the items somewhere weird? armor slots? redstone shouldn't show up

graves don't interact with this as-is, is that needed? is there a way to store the items in a chest?

downgrade high tiers at high damage?

the effect of adding eight more redstone should be mostly nonphysical: single dust bodies have worse senses? exhaustion?

counteract dropping and picking a body back up via long cooldown?

two blocks and a dust?

have tiers not affect anything but health?

... redstone block with optional chest and armor stand?

literally just a redstone block, the player should put away their own items before dying :p

curse of binding on armor slot blocks
t2 can't elytra
eschew redstone (block) on head?
just use resource to register redstone count; change how? what effects?
gives armor equivalent to same material in same slots

given ability to stand inside blocks, where should be valid to stand?
for that matter is there a reason to go beyond up-to-three-block vertical pillars?
should it be so restrictive you have to be standing with your head in the redstone (block)?
should it be valid to stand entirely under the redstone, if there's two material blocks there?

should there even be more than one block of material (and one of redstone)?
should it be impossible to make a body with just one redstone?
should there be a dirt+dust one for extreme cheapness? just have to spawn on dirt and place it then, but server spawns aren't dirt
spawn in a dirt+dust body by default?
more than two mat blocks? four and a redstone?

invulnerable to magic damage in body, invulnerable to nonmagic damage outside?

ability:
if has spirit power try to incarnate
elif has 

dirtdust respawn power
spirit power
possession power
body power(s) - power for rblock, elif chain for mats in armor slots?
restrictive power

restriction: radius? timer? 

torch in place of dust gives the stick back

what uses redstone in components?
